with her load her on its way to
kavik sooo attempted to meet the
convoy to guide them to camp
safely but dangerous conditions
forced her to return home and
checking on the status and
safety of the delivery crew is a
priority
pack a cold I mean coming in we
dropped in temperature severely
in the end I mean I feel bad
that I didn't get out there but
i'm not going to be much help to
anybody if I can't keep myself
safe
you don't really want to rub
your hands together but I'm cold
I personally haven't frozen my
fingers that hard I don't think
ever better little call Jim
hey buddy how you doing I'm good
show
oh man you know I went out there
and tried to meet up with the
convoy and it's so damn foggy I
don't even have 200 yards of
visibility and mark
yeah I saw it went 45 miles and
I'm like man I'm gonna I'm gonna
get frostbite and that won't
help anybody out
why do you talk to him okay and
right for your recruiting 35
miles away from all right buddy
well I'll keep an eye out for
man i'll just send you an email
then when they get in just so
you know are very pretty
alrighty talk to you later shoot
the cat train and myself were
probably right next to each
other
he says they're 35 miles out
that's exactly where I was
visibility so poor we couldn't
see each other so I but even at
that distance away
they made shut her down and get
some rest
safety safety safety they've got
their little travel trailer they
can handle that
I'll be here whenever it's just
hurry up and wait